[Music]
so what's the hidden meaning of your
name me I'm Batman
no it's not what you think I have to
pick up all the bats after the baseball
game and put them away but I do have
this really cool game
well other than superheroes many people
don't know that their names can have a
serious influence on them as individuals
your name can define and shape your
character and personality in this test
you'll get to know the hidden meaning
your name has and its impact on your
life
but first hit the subscribe button and
turn on notifications to join us on the
bright side of life
now after each question you'll have ten
seconds to contemplate your answer
remember to write down the number of
points you get for each answer at the
end you'll have to add them up to figure
out your results here's question number
one pick the answer that contains the
first letter of your name answer a is M
n o P Q R answer B is a b c d e f answer
three is s TUV wxy Z n answer number D
is g h i j k l
[Music]
your score answer a brings you ten
points B is worth 30 points if you chose
C write down 20 points
answer D get you 40 points question
number two were you named after another
person a not that I know of B definitely
not see yep I was named after a family
member
d I was named after a family friend
[Music]
score a is worth 30 points answer B gets
you 40 points if you chose C write down
10 points
answer D brings you 20 points question
number 3 does your name sound exotic a
[Music]
probably if you're not an American that
is B by no means C yeah my name makes
people ask again D it's rare but not
exotic
[Music]
score if you chose a ad 20 points to
your total score answer B brings you ten
points if you picked answer C you get 30
points D is worth 40 points question
number 4 how would you choose to spend
your free time
a driving a cool car be playing with a
cute puppy C reading a book D going
shopping with friends
[Music]
score answer a brings you 40 points B is
worth 20 points if you chose C write
down 10 points
answer D get you 30 points question 5
how many friends do you have a well I
prefer solitude and don't have any
friends
B I have just a few but their true
friends see oh I have lots of friends D
I have hundreds just look at my facebook
page score answer a get you 20 points if
you pick answer B write down 40 points C
is worth 30 points
answer D brings 10 more points to your
total score question 6 which is the best
word to describe you a observer B leader
C creator D follower
[Music]
score answer a get you 20 points B is
worth 40 points if you went for C write
down 30 points D brings you ten points
question 7 does your name originated
from another language a hmm I'm not
really sure
B no it's 100% local see it's a unique
name created by my parents
d yes it comes from another culture
[Music]
score if you opted for a write down 20
points B is worth 10 points answers C
adds 30 points to your total score
answer D get you 40 points
question 8 how many syllables are there
in your name a 1 B 2 C 3 D more than 3
[Music]
score answer eight will make your total
score 20 points higher v is worth 10
points if you pick C write down 30
points
answer D get you 40 points question 9
which words would you use to describe
yourself a persistent inventive
open-minded be thoughtful quiet
observant C curious cheerful artistic d
devoted precise punctual
score answer a is worth 40 points B adds
20 points to your total score if you
chose C write down 30 points
answer D brings you ten points number 10
choose the animal you like most a wolf
B Fox C owl deep hair score a is worth
40 points answer B gets you 30 points if
you chose C write down 20 points D gets
you 10 points now let's take 10 seconds
to calculate your total score are you
ready then let's see what your name has
to say about you
[Music]
if your score is from 100 to 170 you're
a doer you know how to set goals and
most importantly how to achieve them
everybody knows they can rely on you
even in the most important matters your
friends eagerly share their secrets with
you since you're extremely trustworthy
you're a positive person who's known to
create a cheerful atmosphere wherever
you go you are always sent to all kinds
of negotiations thanks to your amazing
people skills also you don't mind being
bossed around as long as everything goes
the way it should and there are good
results if your score is from 180 to 250
you're a thinker you are probably on the
quiet side needing to have some time
alone you have marvelous observation
skills you can work really hard but you
prefer accomplishing tasks on your own
and not in a team
some people consider you unsociable but
that's because they don't know your
amazing personality which you only show
to a few chosen ones you're a romantic
at heart and you love nature and enjoy
calm activities like reading a book near
the fire or walking with a dog in a park
you're loyal and intelligent and those
few friends you have adore and value you
if your score is from 260 to 320 you're
a maker one of your main qualities is
your curiosity when you were a child you
kept asking questions and even your
parents couldn't always find answers to
some of them you're interested in a
great many things if your friends or
family members have problems they know
who to ask for a piece of advice as
you're famous for your ability to
generate countless ideas and solutions
if you can be adventurous and some
people describe you as a risk-taker
your sense of humor has come to your
rescue on more than one occasion your
impulsive emotional creative and
typically energetic if needed you can be
exceptionally focused some of your
friends might say that you're a bit
naive but you're very smart
if your score is from 330 to 400 you're
a controller your worst nightmare is
things getting out of hand
you prefer to have everything under
control
you're honest intelligent and confident
which is why people listen to your
opinion on different matters you have a
wonderful feature you're enthusiastic
and can't infect others with this
enthusiasm you're committed to what or
who you love and dedicate all your
passion to this person or occupation you
are a decisive person and it doesn't
take you long to make the right decision
you have prominent leadership qualities
and people eagerly follow you your
empathy helps you to understand the
needs and problems of other people your
friends and relatives know and
appreciate this ability of yours so what
do you think have you found out anything
new about your personality tell us about
it in the comments below remember to
give us a thumbs up share this video
with your friends and subscribe to the
channel to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]